Declare global sort variables (#18615)
rocq-prover/rocq: doc/sphinx/addendum/universe-polymorphism.rst

        : Type@{s|max(u,v)}
        := pair { pr1 : A; pr2 : B pr1 }.

Explicit Sorts
---------------

> Similarly to universes, fresh global sorts can be declared with the :cmd:`Sort`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to universes, fresh global sorts can be declared with the :cmd:`Sort`.
```

.. cmd:: Sort {+ @ident }
         Sorts {+ @ident }

   In the monomorphic case, declares new global sort qualities 
   with the given names.  Global quality names live in their own namespace.
   Inside sections, the command respects the `Universe Polymorphism` flag,
   either set globally or locally through the :attr:`universes(polymorphic)` attribute (or
   the ``Polymorphic`` legacy attribute), meaning the sort
   quantification will be discharged for each section definition
   independently. Polymorphic sort qualities are forbidden outside sections.

  .. exn:: Polymorphic sorts can only be declared inside sections, use #[universe(polymorphic=no)] Sort instead.

>     This error spwans when a :cmd:`Sort` command is issued outside a section with universe polymorphism set. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Generated when a :cmd:`Sort` command is issued outside a section with universe polymorphism set. 
```

We try to avoid repetitive boilerplate such as "This error..."

    Either scope the :cmd:`Sort` with an englobing :cmd:`Section` or be explicit about creating a global sort

>     by turning universe polymorphism off.

Reviewer: "englobing" seems like the wrong word.  Do you mean enclose Sort in a section or something else?

  .. exn:: Cannot declare global sort qualities in a module type.

>     The :cmd:`Sort` command is not supported in a module type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The :cmd:`Sort` command is not supported in modules.
```

If I understand correctly.  (If so, please reword the message, too.

.. cmd:: Print Sorts
   :name: Print Sorts

>    Print the list of global named sorts in the current context. Use :cmd:`Show Universes` to print sort variables local to a proof.

Reviewer: "current context" meaning the proof context or the containing section?

If Print Sorts and Show Universes are complementary, maybe this command should be "Show Sorts"?  Too bad we haven't been consistent in using "Show" or "Print" for various commands.

Should there be a way to print the local named sorts in the current context?

Author: `Print Sorts` is the sort equivalent of `Print Universes`, meaning that it prints the global sort environment. `Show Universes` prints both universe and sort variables local to a proof context.

  .. coqtop:: all

    Set Universe Polymorphism.

    (* A global sort named g. *)
    #[universe(polymorphic=no)]

>     Sort g.

Reviewer: Gets "Error: This command does not support this attribute: universe." if you hadn't noticed, so the doc doesn't build.

Similar to universes, fresh global sorts can be declared with the :cmd:`Sort`.

.. cmd:: Sort {+ @ident }
         Sorts {+ @ident }

   In the monomorphic case, declares new global sort qualities
   with the given names.  Global quality names live in their own namespace.
   Inside sections, the command respects the `Universe Polymorphism` flag,
   either set globally or locally through the :attr:`universes(polymorphic)` attribute (or
   the ``Polymorphic`` legacy attribute), meaning the sort
   quantification will be discharged for each section definition
   independently. Polymorphic sort qualities are forbidden outside sections.

  .. exn:: Polymorphic sorts can only be declared inside sections, use #[universe(polymorphic=no)] Sort in order to declare a global sort.

    Generated when a :cmd:`Sort` command is issued outside a section with universe polymorphism set.
    Either scope the :cmd:`Sort` with an enclosing :cmd:`Section` or be explicit about creating a global sort
    by turning universe polymorphism off.

  .. exn:: Cannot declare global sort qualities inside module types.

    The :cmd:`Sort` command is not supported inside module types.

.. cmd:: Print Sorts

>    :name: Print Sorts

Reviewer 2: This does not seem to work. And even if it did, it would be pointless since the specified name is identical to the command.

```suggestion
```
